[docs] Document the new TinyMCE plugin API (#393)
moodle/devdocs: docs/apis/plugintypes/tiny/index.md

---
title: TinyMCE Editor Plugins
tags:
  - editor_tiny

>   - tiny_

Reviewer: What's the point of adding "_" at the end of this tag?

Author: It's the subplugin prefix. Any alternative suggestion?

Reviewer: I was thinking to leave only "tiny". If you look at how tags work, you'll see the "_" is ignored: https://deploy-preview-393--moodledevdocs.netlify.app/docs/tags/tiny (so I think displaying "tiny" instead of "tiny_" would be clearer).

Author: Thanks - I've updated that.

  - Editor
  - Text editor
  - HTML editor
  - WYSIWYG
  - TinyMCE
---

> Moodle includes the TinyMCE text editor as standard from Moodle 4.1, and it can be installed from the plugins database for Moodle versions 3.11, and 4.0.

Reviewer: I guess for now it hasn't been uploaded to the plugins database yet, right? (at least, I can't find it)

Author: Correct - I don't plan to upload it until about a week after it's been integrated to core.

The `editor_tiny` editor supports the inclusion of subplugins, which have the namespace `tiny_[pluginname]`.

import {
    Lang,
} from '../../_files';

## File structure

> Course custom field plugins are located in the `/lib/editor/tiny/plugins` directory. A plugin should not include any custom files outside of it's own plugin folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TinyMCE Editor plugins are located in the `/lib/editor/tiny/plugins` directory. A plugin should not include any custom files outside of its own plugin folder.
```

Author: Good catch - fixed thanks.
